Updates
Ensure all pages referred will go to the top of each page

Home Page Buttons
	1.	Experience Secure Authentication needs to show a screenshot or dashboard or more features of the 3rd party integration for biometric vs forwarding to our actual dashboard
	2.	All “Learn More” buttons under “Secure, adapt, and defend with confidence.” Are all not being directed
	3.	“Watch Demo” need to revert to an actual demo
	4.	“Learn More” needs to go to the top of the page and not the bottom of the platform page
	5.	“Platform tour” remove or send it a page
	6.	“Try free” we need to remove””
	7.	PICTURE NEXT TO button under Complete Security Platform” add a snapshot of the security highlights platform 

Platform - all pages are listed on the platform. It seems a reference to the saas vs the marketing website
	1.	All pages - Request Demo ensure its going to the top of the page and not bottom “Contact”
	2.	Add more images for AI modes architecture  and platform integrations showing the logos of the softwares referenced
	3.	Predictive risk analysis - make increasing, stable and increasing in a 4d image and remove the existing images and text references. Also add an 4d image of the title of the small cards
	4.	“Learn mitt about predictive risk analysis” change Learn more and revert to the working demo
	5.	Firewall management - add 4d images to all titles
	6.	For each network, security, domain, social media add in the same scanner but the applicable search format (rx. Network assessment: Advise user to add in IP or connect to check )
	7.	Zero Trust - create secured, compliant and protected labels customize to add 
	8.	Vulnerability management needs to be removed from SaaS and on marketing website
	9.	Platform/AIM - create a signature icons for Biometric, MFA app, SMS Token, Hardware Key
	10.	Platform/ System Administration - update 4d vectored icons on all titles and cards
	11.	Platform/compliance automation - add applicable badge for each compliance
	12.	




Other Home Page
	1.	Add actual Certificates under “ Security & Compliance Certifications”
	2.	Trusted by leading educational institutions and government agencies - add a slider to show off logos (i need to update the colors of the logos)
	3.	Live Threat Intelligence - add a geospatial map to showcase 